CEXT-4720: Update Checkout Starter Kit configuration steps (#396)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/starter-kit/checkout/configure.md

- `AIO_runtime_namespace`: The Adobe I/O Runtime namespace is used as the suffix for the Adobe I/O Events provider label.
- `AIO_EVENTS_PROVIDERMETADATA_TO_PROVIDER_MAPPING`: (Optional) Existing provider metadata to provider mapping.

To run this script, use the following command:

```bash
npm run configure-events
```

> The script does not support deleting event providers. If you need to delete an event provider, you can do
> it through AIO CLI with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script does not support deleting event providers. If you need to delete an event provider, you can do it through AIO CLI with the following command:
```

```bash
aio event provider delete <provider-id>
```

### configure-commerce-events

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>

> This step requires [Adobe Commerce HTTP Client](./connect.md#connect-to-adobe-commerce) to authenticate the Commerce instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuring Commerce events requires [Adobe Commerce HTTP Client](./connect.md#connect-to-adobe-commerce) to authenticate the Commerce instance.
```
